# research-paper

WIP, paper is being redacted [here](./paper.pdf)


## Abstract

How do amateur photometric observations of binary star transits compare in precision and reliability to data collected by professional astronomers, and is this collected data precise enough to contribute to science?

## Introduction

To reproduce the results of the paper you have the data/ folder with the pictures I took during the 24th of december night.
You also have multiple python scripts that I used to process the data and generate the graphs.

- png_grayscale.py: This script is used to convert the images to grayscale and save them in the png/ folder. This was useful to create a gif of the transit using ffmpeg.

- grayscale_fit_convert.py: This script is used to convert the fit images to grayscale and save them in the grayscale/ folder. This step is mandatory to be able to use the images in AstroImageJ but after the Siril alignement the images have been debayered and are in color. This script is using the debayered images to convert them to grayscale.

- timestamp_extractor.py: This script is used to extract the timestamp of the images from the fits headers and save them in a txt file. This is useful to know the time of the observation of each image.

- change_timestamp.py: This script is used to change the timestamp of the pictures to the time of the observation. Since after you align the images with siril the date is the one of the image creation and not the one of the observation. This script is usig the txt file generated by siril to change the timestamp of the images.

## Disclaimer

This paper has been written as part of a introduction to research course at the Polytech School of Montpellier. I am obviously not a professional astronomer. I am a student in computer science and I have always been passionate about astronomy. I have been able to learn a lot about this field and I am very grateful for the opportunity to write this paper. I hope you will enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.